our first guest chef there's been
winning awards for his food for over 20
years
his restaurant they give epoch Hotel has
won two Michelin stars and he's just
been awarded an MBA for all his efforts
he's fantastic
it's great to have him back Saturday
kitchen because Michael Caine's good to
have you on the show
what are you cooking we're gonna cook
the roasted duck we've got a honey
roasted but what I want to do first is
actually get that skin nice and crispy
so just season it first now tell us a
little bit about the duck that you got
in here it's low absolutely Bambury doc
yeah it is
well this is nice this is just a large
spit it off so you can see what I've
done is scored the skin so it goes
crispy but the actual duck itself this
is a Barbary duck it's quite a large fit
it if you get a dressing home it's
slightly smaller this will actually do
about two portions it's a fairly large
duck itself but it's quite a large duck
in it this way it's French French breed
or in this it is a bit of a French food
but these days
you know if you ask a supplier what
their breed is they don't often tell you
don't need a lot of oil in the yard
because obviously the duck breast itself
well if anybody's these are the these
are the quite large black black ones
with the red face and Australia and of
course you get wild duck as well but
that's something different again yeah
I'm gonna need some shots game okay so
this is for a fake so we're gonna use
some butter the world must be 50/50 on
the game we've got some Dontrell here
can get there the new Tom a little it's
virtually MIDI I don't forget what you
can need these days water
little bit of lemon juice and some
tarragon which you're going to Center
they make a fritter say no but that
means basically you're making something
and you're going to use it you know the
cooking duties for its store so it's
something that you can do at home the
duck itself just going to get that color
on the skin but the same time you're
gonna render it down that's important
now this is great this is going for a
bit with people cooking ducks they often
think it's quite fatty duck well if you
cook it this way Stickley this type of
breed of dog it's not that amount of it
absolutely
and the other thing is when you say
honey Rose a lot of people put the honey
on before and then you end up with this
real dark black skin and what you
actually wants is to put the honey on
after and I'm gonna mix that with a
little bit of Chinese five-spice which
we've got over there which will make
together after you don't want to chop
the tarragon down too much this is soft
target it's gonna cook with the sauce
anyway sure your big fan of Duff at the
box book putting out fast Michaels
compared to you sir thank you very much
chef to Lovella and yeah
don't use duck legs as confit
slow-cooked in love yeah
slots over put the duck in the oven
meanwhile I'll pop it in for you there
your antastic I think you'll find it
might be one already there I look at it
and all of you quickly stuck for them
it's gonna take about eight minutes and
then you gotta rest it for about five
minutes
whoever set about 400 to new degree
centigrate I know antastic that'll do
for me